capital = 1725
primary_culture = maghrebi
culture = berber
religion = sunni
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 10
nationalvalue = nv_productivity
literacy = 0.01
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01
civilized = yes
# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = underground_parties

prestige = 35

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = low_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = two_year_draft
 
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = open_borders

ruling_party = TUN_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 26
    conservative = 61
    reactionary = 13
    anarcho_liberal = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}


# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
steamers = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
introspectionism = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1
hot_blast = 1
experimental_railroad = 1
basic_chemistry = 1

battleship_column_doctrine = 1
naval_professionalism = 1
fire_control_systems = 1
stock_exchange = 1
ad_hoc_money_bill_printing = 1



small_arms_production = yes
ammunition_production = yes
#big_sail_ships = yes
#sail_ships_transport = yes
#big_sail_support = yes

# Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 4
nonstate_consciousness = 2

oob = "TUN_oob.txt"