capital = 2540
primary_culture = polynesian
religion = protestant
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.03
non_state_culture_literacy = 0
is_releasable_vassal = no	#In accordance with group rules

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = TGA_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 28
	conservative = 59
	reactionary = 13
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

#Economic Reforms
industrial_construction = yes_western_science

#Military Reforms
foreign_weapons = yes_foreign_weapons
	

# Technologies
flintlock_rifles = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1

# Inventions
