capital = 2221
primary_culture = nanfaren
culture = manchu
#culture = beifaren
religion = protestant
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_equality
literacy = 0.05
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.02
is_releasable_vassal = no

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

ruling_party = TPG_reactionary
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 0
	conservative = 25
	reactionary = 75
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety

health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# Technologies
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
water_wheel_power = 1

# Inventions

1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/TPG_oob.txt"
	literacy = 0.07
	non_state_culture_literacy = 0.04

	#Military Reforms
	foreign_training = yes_foreign_training
	foreign_weapons = yes_foreign_weapons
	military_constructions = yes_military_constructions

	#Economic Reforms
	industrial_construction = yes_western_science

	#Technologies
	post_napoleonic_thought = 1
	flintlock_rifles = 1
	bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
}
